README.md, before:

# ShoppingRecipeApp

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 15.0.1.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

added support for template driven and reactive forms, finalizing all of the functionality locally (no backend support yet)

README.md, after:

# Angular Udemy Big Project: Shopping List/Recipe App
This is the large project done throughout the course of the Udemy Angular class, where pieces were added on gradually as we learned more about different features of Angular to practice putting them all together.

Two main sections are a part of this app: Recipes and Shopping List.

- Recipes: The user can add, edit, and delete recipes from a list, where the recipes store the name, list of ingredients, and other details. A button also allows for sending all ingredients for a recipe over to the shopping list automatically.
- Shopping List: The user can add, edit, and delete ingredients from a list, where each ingredient has a name and number they need to buy from the store.

Practice using both the Template driven and Reactive approaches for forms by using template driven in the shopping list editing section and the reactive version for recipe editing.


# ShoppingRecipeApp

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 15.0.1.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.
